Adding iOS18 limitation to trusting enterprise certificates (#3150)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing.md

1. Tap **Trust "app name"** and then tap **Trust**.
1. Reopen the app to continue the test.

:::caution

> Starting with iOS 18 adding a certificate requires restarting a device and it's no longer possible to add a certificate by yourself. Please contact our Support team for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with iOS 18 adding a certificate requires restarting a device, and it is currently not possible to maintain a running session while waiting for the device to boot. Please contact our Support team for assistance.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to constraints introduced by Apple in iOS18 it's no longer possible to add enterprise certificates during a running test session in our platform. Please contact our Support team for assistance.
```
